THIS MOVE SHOWS MOUNTING HEAT ON TRUMP AIDES IN THE MUELLER
TRUMP AIDES IN THE MUELLER PROBE, AND IT COMES AMIDST A
PROBE, AND IT COMES AMIDST A SECOND PIECE OF NEWS, "NEW YORK
SECOND PIECE OF NEWS, "NEW YORK TIMES" BREAKING ANOTHER CLEAR
TIMES" BREAKING ANOTHER CLEAR BOMBSHELL.
BOMBSHELL. REVELATIONS ABOUT WHAT THE PAPER
REVELATIONS ABOUT WHAT THE PAPER CALLS TRUMP’S TWO YEAR WAR ON
CALLS TRUMP’S TWO YEAR WAR ON MULTIPLE INVESTIGATIONS INTO HIS
MULTIPLE INVESTIGATIONS INTO HIS ACTIVITIES AND PRESIDENCY.
ACTIVITIES AND PRESIDENCY. THIS REPORT DETAILS MR. TRUMP’S
THIS REPORT DETAILS MR. TRUMP’S EFFORTS TO THWART FEDERAL
EFFORTS TO THWART FEDERAL INVESTIGATORS AND THEY SAY THEY
INVESTIGATORS AND THEY SAY THEY KNOW IT STARTED WEEKS AFTER HE
KNOW IT STARTED WEEKS AFTER HE TOOK OFFICE.
TOOK OFFICE. BEFORE I GO FURTHER, LET’S BE
BEFORE I GO FURTHER, LET’S BE CLEAR.
CLEAR. IF THE THEMES IN THE BIG REPORT
IF THE THEMES IN THE BIG REPORT THAT HAS THE WHITE HOUSE NERVOUS
THAT HAS THE WHITE HOUSE NERVOUS TONIGHT, IF THE THEMES ARE
TONIGHT, IF THE THEMES ARE FAMILIAR, GIVEN PUBLIC TIRADES
FAMILIAR, GIVEN PUBLIC TIRADES AGAINST THE FBI AND RATS AND
AGAINST THE FBI AND RATS AND PEOPLE THAT COOPERATE WITH LAW
PEOPLE THAT COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT, THAT FAMILIARITY
ENFORCEMENT, THAT FAMILIARITY DOES NOT MAKE THE NEWS TONIGHT,
DOES NOT MAKE THE NEWS TONIGHT, THE STORY NORMAL OR OKAY.
THE STORY NORMAL OR OKAY. TONIGHT, LEGAL EXPERTS ARE
TONIGHT, LEGAL EXPERTS ARE WEIGHING IN, SAYING THE TIMES’
WEIGHING IN, SAYING THE TIMES’ ACCOUNT IS CHILLING.
ACCOUNT IS CHILLING. WE’LL SPEAK TO SEVERAL IN A
WE’LL SPEAK TO SEVERAL IN A MOMENT.
MOMENT. LET ME GIVE YOU THE FACTS.
LET ME GIVE YOU THE FACTS. DONALD TRUMP RECORDLY
DONALD TRUMP RECORDLY INAPPROPRIATELY PUSHED THE
INAPPROPRIATELY PUSHED THE ATTORNEY GENERAL TO OVERRIDE
ATTORNEY GENERAL TO OVERRIDE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO TAKE OVER
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT TO TAKE OVER A FEDERAL PROBE IN NEW YORK,
A FEDERAL PROBE IN NEW YORK, LOOKING INTO TRUMP’S OWN
LOOKING INTO TRUMP’S OWN PAYMENTS TO WOMEN AS WELL AS
PAYMENTS TO WOMEN AS WELL AS LIABILITY FOR HIS 2016 CAMPAIGN.
LIABILITY FOR HIS 2016 CAMPAIGN. "NEW YORK TIMES" REVEALING THE
"NEW YORK TIMES" REVEALING THE FIRST TIME TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE
FIRST TIME TRUMP’S WHITE HOUSE LAWYERS WERE ALSO SEPARATELY SO
LAWYERS WERE ALSO SEPARATELY SO WORRIED ABOUT WHAT THEY VIEWED
WORRIED ABOUT WHAT THEY VIEWED AS FALSE STATEMENTS ABOUT FIRING
AS FALSE STATEMENTS ABOUT FIRING MICHAEL FLYNN, THEY PUT TOGETHER
MICHAEL FLYNN, THEY PUT TOGETHER A CONFIDENTIAL MEMO DETAILING
A CONFIDENTIAL MEMO DETAILING THE WHITE HOUSE’S OWN FALSEHOODS
THE WHITE HOUSE’S OWN FALSEHOODS ANALYZE.
ANALYZE. TRUMP’S EFFORTS GO BEYOND
TRUMP’S EFFORTS GO BEYOND TWITTER TIRADES.
TWITTER TIRADES. STRATEGY SESSIONS, TRYING TO GET
STRATEGY SESSIONS, TRYING TO GET REPUBLICANS TO USE THEIR POWER
REPUBLICANS TO USE THEIR POWER TO ATTACK OR UNDERMINE MUELLER.
TO ATTACK OR UNDERMINE MUELLER. THE NEW YORK INVESTIGATION IS
THE NEW YORK INVESTIGATION IS ESPECIALLY CRUCIAL.
ESPECIALLY CRUCIAL. AS WE REPORTED ON THIS VERY
AS WE REPORTED ON THIS VERY SHOW, FEDERAL PROSECUTORS THERE
SHOW, FEDERAL PROSECUTORS THERE ARE FAMOUSLY INDEPENDENT, WORK
ARE FAMOUSLY INDEPENDENT, WORK CAN OUTLAST MUELLER ON THE TIME
CAN OUTLAST MUELLER ON THE TIME LINE, THEY WERE THE PROSECUTORS
LINE, THEY WERE THE PROSECUTORS THAT THREW THE BOOK AT MICHAEL
THAT THREW THE BOOK AT MICHAEL COHEN AND HAVE THE OPEN PROBE
COHEN AND HAVE THE OPEN PROBE THAT INVOLVES THE "NATIONAL
THAT INVOLVES THE "NATIONAL ENQUIRER" DRAMA.
ENQUIRER" DRAMA. THE TIMES IS REPORTING TRUMP
THE TIMES IS REPORTING TRUMP TRIED SPECIFICALLY TO GET DOJ TO
TRIED SPECIFICALLY TO GET DOJ TO GET A LOYALIST TO TAKE OVER THE
GET A LOYALIST TO TAKE OVER THE PROBE, THIS IS AS THE FEDS BEAR
PROBE, THIS IS AS THE FEDS BEAR DOWN ON THE HUSH MONEY TRAIL
DOWN ON THE HUSH MONEY TRAIL THAT DATES BACK TO 2016.
THAT DATES BACK TO 2016. THE ACCOUNT SPECIFICALLY AS
THE ACCOUNT SPECIFICALLY AS TRUMP CALLED HIS OWN NEW ACTING
TRUMP CALLED HIS OWN NEW ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL MATTHEW
ATTORNEY GENERAL MATTHEW WHITAKER WHO REPLACED JEFF
WHITAKER WHO REPLACED JEFF SESSIONS AND PUSHED FOR BURMAN
SESSIONS AND PUSHED FOR BURMAN TO TAKE IT OVER.
TO TAKE IT OVER. HE ALREADY RECUSED HIMSELF OF
HE ALREADY RECUSED HIMSELF OF THE PROBE, AN ECHO OF SESSIONS
THE PROBE, AN ECHO OF SESSIONS THAT ANGERED TRUMP.
THAT ANGERED TRUMP. THAT’S BIG ON ITS OWN.
THAT’S BIG ON ITS OWN. THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORT IS
THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORT IS THAT MATTHEW WHITAKER REFUSED.
THAT MATTHEW WHITAKER REFUSED. YOU MAY KNOW THAT’S THE KIND OF
YOU MAY KNOW THAT’S THE KIND OF LEAK THAT WOULD BENEFIT WHITAKER
LEAK THAT WOULD BENEFIT WHITAKER WHO LEFT HIS POST AS ACTING
WHO LEFT HIS POST AS ACTING A.G. AND BENEFITS HIM MORE THAN
A.G. AND BENEFITS HIM MORE THAN IT WOULD DONALD TRUMP, AND THE
IT WOULD DONALD TRUMP, AND THE REPORT NOTES AGAINST TRUMP’S
REPORT NOTES AGAINST TRUMP’S INTERESTS THAT HE SOURED ON
INTERESTS THAT HE SOURED ON WHITAKER.
WHITAKER. WHAT DOES NOT HELP WHITAKER, HE
WHAT DOES NOT HELP WHITAKER, HE JUST DENIED THAT TRUMP PRESSURED
JUST DENIED THAT TRUMP PRESSURED HIM LIKE THIS UNDER OATH EARLIER
HIM LIKE THIS UNDER OATH EARLIER THIS MONTH.
THIS MONTH. >> AT NO TIME HAS THE WHITE
>> AT NO TIME HAS THE WHITE HOUSE ASKED FOR NOR HAVE I
HOUSE ASKED FOR NOR HAVE I PROVIDED PROMISES OR COMMITMENTS
PROVIDED PROMISES OR COMMITMENTS REGARDING THE SPECIAL COUNSEL
REGARDING THE SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION OR ANY OTHER
INVESTIGATION OR ANY OTHER INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. >> NOW, THE KEY LANGUAGE IS ANY
>> NOW, THE KEY LANGUAGE IS ANY OTHER INVESTIGATION.
OTHER INVESTIGATION. TONIGHT, DEMOCRATS ARE SAYING
TONIGHT, DEMOCRATS ARE SAYING THE REPORT IS, QUOTE, VERY
THE REPORT IS, QUOTE, VERY CONCERNING AND IT IS A REASON
CONCERNING AND IT IS A REASON THEY WANT WHITAKER TO CLARIFY
THEY WANT WHITAKER TO CLARIFY HIS TESTIMONY.
HIS TESTIMONY. THE TIMES RAISES THE CONCEPT OF,
THE TIMES RAISES THE CONCEPT OF, QUOTE, PERJURY.
QUOTE, PERJURY. WE CAN’T REPORT WHETHER THE
WE CAN’T REPORT WHETHER THE HOUSE VIEWS IT THAT WAY.
HOUSE VIEWS IT THAT WAY. THAT’S YET TO BE DETERMINED.
THAT’S YET TO BE DETERMINED. ONLY DONALD TRUMP KNOWS WHERE HE
ONLY DONALD TRUMP KNOWS WHERE HE MAY HAVE LEGAL VULNERABILITY AND
MAY HAVE LEGAL VULNERABILITY AND DOES NOT.
DOES NOT. IT IS POSSIBLE HE DOESN’T HAVE
IT IS POSSIBLE HE DOESN’T HAVE VULNERABILITY IN THE COUNTRY.
VULNERABILITY IN THE COUNTRY. WE REPORTED THE LEGAL PRESSURE
WE REPORTED THE LEGAL PRESSURE POINTS OF PROSECUTORS IN NEW
POINTS OF PROSECUTORS IN NEW YORK.
YORK. THEY HAVE JURISDICTION OVER
THEY HAVE JURISDICTION OVER TRUMP’S BUSINESS AND SOME OF HIS
TRUMP’S BUSINESS AND SOME OF HIS CAMPAIGN WHICH IS WHY IT WAS
CAMPAIGN WHICH IS WHY IT WAS STRIKING THAT TRUMP TOOK THE
STRIKING THAT TRUMP TOOK THE UNUSUAL STEP OF PERSONALLY
UNUSUAL STEP OF PERSONALLY INTERVIEWING THE VERY LAWYER THE
INTERVIEWING THE VERY LAWYER THE TIMES REPORTS HE WANTED IN
TIMES REPORTS HE WANTED IN CHARGE OF THE PROBE.
CHARGE OF THE PROBE. JUST LIKE DONALD TRUMP
JUST LIKE DONALD TRUMP INTERVIEWED THE FAMOUS LAWYER
INTERVIEWED THE FAMOUS LAWYER THAT ORIGINALLY HELD THE POST
THAT ORIGINALLY HELD THE POST WHEN TRUMP TOOK OFFICE, THAT WAS
WHEN TRUMP TOOK OFFICE, THAT WAS IN THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING WITH
IN THE TRUMP TOWER MEETING WITH NO PRECEDENT FROM ANY
NO PRECEDENT FROM ANY PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION IN
PRESIDENTIAL TRANSITION IN HISTORY.
HISTORY. IT BRINGS ME NO JOY TO TELL YOU
IT BRINGS ME NO JOY TO TELL YOU THESE ARE THE CASES WE ARE
THESE ARE THE CASES WE ARE FOLLOWING, THAT THIS IS THE
FOLLOWING, THAT THIS IS THE OFFICE WE ARE FOLLOWING.
OFFICE WE ARE FOLLOWING. IT JUST HAPPENS TO BE WHAT THE
IT JUST HAPPENS TO BE WHAT THE TIMES IS ZEROING IN ON TONIGHT.
TIMES IS ZEROING IN ON TONIGHT. NONE OF THIS IS NORMAL.
NONE OF THIS IS NORMAL. AND THE TIMES MAKES THAT
AND THE TIMES MAKES THAT EXPLICIT.
EXPLICIT. WRITING DONALD TRUMP’S ATTEMPTS
WRITING DONALD TRUMP’S ATTEMPTS TO DEFANG THE INVESTIGATION HAS
TO DEFANG THE INVESTIGATION HAS BEEN VOLUMOUSLY COVERED IN THE
BEEN VOLUMOUSLY COVERED IN THE NEWS MEDIA TO SUCH A DEGREE MANY
NEWS MEDIA TO SUCH A DEGREE MANY AMERICANS HAVE LOST TRACK HOW
AMERICANS HAVE LOST TRACK HOW UNUSUAL HIS BEHAVIOR IS.
UNUSUAL HIS BEHAVIOR IS. IN THIS PIECE THEY SAY FUSING
IN THIS PIECE THEY SAY FUSING THE STRANDS REVEALS AN
THE STRANDS REVEALS AN EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF A
EXTRAORDINARY STORY OF A PRESIDENT THAT ATTACKED THE LAW
PRESIDENT THAT ATTACKED THE LAW ENFORCEMENT APPARATUS OF HIS OWN
ENFORCEMENT APPARATUS OF HIS OWN GOVERNMENT LIKE NO PRESIDENT IN
GOVERNMENT LIKE NO PRESIDENT IN HISTORY.
HISTORY. LIKE NO PRESIDENT IN HISTORY.
LIKE NO PRESIDENT IN HISTORY. THIS IS REAL STUFF.
THIS IS REAL STUFF. IT COMES AS A NEW ATTORNEY
IT COMES AS A NEW ATTORNEY GENERAL IS OVERSEEING BOB
GENERAL IS OVERSEEING BOB MUELLER.
MUELLER. LIKE NO OTHER PRESIDENT IN
LIKE NO OTHER PRESIDENT IN HISTORY, WE SHOULD NOTE THAT
HISTORY, WE SHOULD NOTE THAT DONALD TRUMP’S OWN ALLIES THAT
DONALD TRUMP’S OWN ALLIES THAT KNOW ABOUT THE LAW SAY THE KEY
KNOW ABOUT THE LAW SAY THE KEY INVESTIGATION HE WOULD NEED TO
INVESTIGATION HE WOULD NEED TO CONTROL, THE DANGEROUS ONE, WAS
CONTROL, THE DANGEROUS ONE, WAS IN NEW YORK.
IN NEW YORK. >> I THINK THE MUELLER
>> I THINK THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION IS NOT THE
INVESTIGATION IS NOT THE PRESIDENT’S BIGGEST PROBLEM.
PRESIDENT’S BIGGEST PROBLEM. AND THAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
AND THAT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK INVESTIGATION HAS
OF NEW YORK INVESTIGATION HAS ALWAYS BEEN MUCH MORE DANGEROUS.
ALWAYS BEEN MUCH MORE DANGEROUS. >> I’VE GOT SOME SPECIAL GUESTS
>> I’VE GOT SOME SPECIAL GUESTS TO BREAK IT DOWN.
TO BREAK IT DOWN. MY A WILEY WHO WAS A PROSECUTOR,
MY A WILEY WHO WAS A PROSECUTOR, BILL CRYSTAL, AND FORMER RNC
BILL CRYSTAL, AND FORMER RNC CHAIRMAN MICHAEL STEELE.
CHAIRMAN MICHAEL STEELE. I’M GOING TO MOVE IN A ROW,
I’M GOING TO MOVE IN A ROW, STARTING WITH MIA.
STARTING WITH MIA. WHEN YOU SEE THE OFFICE YOU USED
WHEN YOU SEE THE OFFICE YOU USED TO WORK BACK IN THE HEADLINES
TO WORK BACK IN THE HEADLINES FROM THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORT
FROM THE "NEW YORK TIMES" REPORT AND EFFORT TO GET WHITAKER TO DO
AND EFFORT TO GET WHITAKER TO DO IT, WHAT COMES TO MIND, IS THIS
IT, WHAT COMES TO MIND, IS THIS ITSELF POTENTIAL ELEMENTS OF
ITSELF POTENTIAL ELEMENTS OF INTENT OR OBSTRUCTION?
INTENT OR OBSTRUCTION? >> WHAT COMES TO MIND US WHAT
>> WHAT COMES TO MIND US WHAT YOU SAID, ARI, THIS IS NOT
YOU SAID, ARI, THIS IS NOT NORMAL.
NORMAL. WE HAVE A SITTING PRESIDENT OF
WE HAVE A SITTING PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES WHO IS
THE UNITED STATES WHO IS BEHAVING AS IF HE HAS COMMITTED
BEHAVING AS IF HE HAS COMMITTED A CRIME.
A CRIME. WHETHER HE HAS OR NOT, WE DON’T
WHETHER HE HAS OR NOT, WE DON’T KNOW, BUT HIS BEHAVIOR IS THE
KNOW, BUT HIS BEHAVIOR IS THE BEHAVIOR OF SOMEONE WHO HAS
BEHAVIOR OF SOMEONE WHO HAS SOMETHING TO HIDE.
SOMETHING TO HIDE. AND WHAT’S IMPORTANT HERE, AND
AND WHAT’S IMPORTANT HERE, AND ONE OF THE THINGS THAT ALL OF US
ONE OF THE THINGS THAT ALL OF US THAT WORK IN A U.S. ATTORNEY’S
THAT WORK IN A U.S. ATTORNEY’S OFFICE ARE PROUD OF ARE THE
OFFICE ARE PROUD OF ARE THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE OFFICES, IN
INDEPENDENCE OF THE OFFICES, IN OTHER WORDS, CAREER PUBLIC
OTHER WORDS, CAREER PUBLIC SERVANTS THAT JUST WORK HARD TO
SERVANTS THAT JUST WORK HARD TO GET AT THE FACTS, AND IN THIS
GET AT THE FACTS, AND IN THIS CASE WE EXPECT NOTHING LESS.
CASE WE EXPECT NOTHING LESS. >> WHAT DOES IT SAY TO YOU THAT
>> WHAT DOES IT SAY TO YOU THAT MR. BURMAN WHO MAY NOT BE A
MR. BURMAN WHO MAY NOT BE A HOUSEHOLD NAME BUT THE PERSON
HOUSEHOLD NAME BUT THE PERSON PERSONALLY INTERVIEWED, BOTH
PERSONALLY INTERVIEWED, BOTH RECUSED, MEANING FOLLOWED THE
RECUSED, MEANING FOLLOWED THE RULES, AND ALSO DONALD TRUMP
RULES, AND ALSO DONALD TRUMP THOUGHT IT WOULD HELP HIM TO GET
THOUGHT IT WOULD HELP HIM TO GET HIM BACK IN CHARGE.
HIM BACK IN CHARGE. >> SO THE IMPORTANT THING IS
>> SO THE IMPORTANT THING IS THAT BURMAN HAS RECUSED HIMSELF.
THAT BURMAN HAS RECUSED HIMSELF. IF HE CARES ABOUT HIS
IF HE CARES ABOUT HIS REPUTATION, HE WOULD NOT FALL
REPUTATION, HE WOULD NOT FALL SUBJECT TO ANY PRESSURE FROM
SUBJECT TO ANY PRESSURE FROM DONALD TRUMP TO ENDANGER HIS OWN
DONALD TRUMP TO ENDANGER HIS OWN CAREER BECAUSE HE HAS MADE CLEAR
CAREER BECAUSE HE HAS MADE CLEAR THAT HE CANNOT SERVE IN THAT
THAT HE CANNOT SERVE IN THAT ROLE.
ROLE. IT IS OUTLANDISH THAT A
IT IS OUTLANDISH THAT A PRESIDENT ASK, ALTHOUGH WITH
PRESIDENT ASK, ALTHOUGH WITH THIS PRESIDENT AS YOU POINTED
THIS PRESIDENT AS YOU POINTED OUT, WE HAVE A LOT OF HISTORY OF
OUT, WE HAVE A LOT OF HISTORY OF THIS, LOOKING FOR PEOPLE WHO
THIS, LOOKING FOR PEOPLE WHO WILL PROTECT HIM, NOT PROTECT
WILL PROTECT HIM, NOT PROTECT US, NOT PROTECT THE COUNTRY, BUT
US, NOT PROTECT THE COUNTRY, BUT PROTECT HIM PERSONALLY.
PROTECT HIM PERSONALLY. AND THAT’S WHAT WE’RE HEARING
AND THAT’S WHAT WE’RE HEARING OUT OF THIS NEWS STORY.
OUT OF THIS NEWS STORY. >> BILL, THIS IS VERY REAL.
>> BILL, THIS IS VERY REAL. MR. WHITAKER WAS PRESSED ON IT
MR. WHITAKER WAS PRESSED ON IT UNDER OATH.
UNDER OATH. LET’S LOOK AT THE EXCHANGE.
LET’S LOOK AT THE EXCHANGE. THIS IS FEBRUARY 8th, RECENTLY,
THIS IS FEBRUARY 8th, RECENTLY, TALKING ABOUT THIS VERY NEW YORK
TALKING ABOUT THIS VERY NEW YORK PROBE.
PROBE. TAKE A LOOK.
TAKE A LOOK. >> DID YOU EVER HAVE ANY
>> DID YOU EVER HAVE ANY CONVERSATIONS WITH THE PRESIDENT
CONVERSATIONS WITH THE PRESIDENT ABOUT FIRING OR REASSIGNING ANY
ABOUT FIRING OR REASSIGNING ANY PERSONNEL, U.S. ATTORNEYS OR
PERSONNEL, U.S. ATTORNEYS OR OTHERS, THAT WORK WITH THE
OTHERS, THAT WORK WITH THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK?
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK? WITH THE PRESIDENT OR ANYBODY,
WITH THE PRESIDENT OR ANYBODY, ANYBODY AT ALL.
ANYBODY AT ALL. I WANT TO KNOW WHETHER YOU
I WANT TO KNOW WHETHER YOU TALKED TO PRESIDENT TRUMP AT ALL
TALKED TO PRESIDENT TRUMP AT ALL ABOUT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF
ABOUT THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK’S CASE INVOLVING
NEW YORK’S CASE INVOLVING MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. >> I AM NOT GOING TO DISCUSS MY
>> I AM NOT GOING TO DISCUSS MY PRIVATE CONVERSATIONS WITH THE
PRIVATE CONVERSATIONS WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES. >> BILL, HOW DO YOU READ THAT
>> BILL, HOW DO YOU READ THAT ANSWER?
ANSWER? >> WELL, YOU COULD SAY THAT YOU
>> WELL, YOU COULD SAY THAT YOU HAVE SOME RIGHT TO NOT DISCUSS
HAVE SOME RIGHT TO NOT DISCUSS CONVERSATIONS WITH THE
CONVERSATIONS WITH THE PRESIDENT, THAT’S A VERSION OF
PRESIDENT, THAT’S A VERSION OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE.
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE. YOU CAN ALSO SAY HE WAS BEING
YOU CAN ALSO SAY HE WAS BEING CAREFUL NOT TO LIE, BUT ALSO NOT
CAREFUL NOT TO LIE, BUT ALSO NOT TO OFFENDERS THE PRESIDENT, HE
TO OFFENDERS THE PRESIDENT, HE WAS STILL ACTING ATTORNEY
WAS STILL ACTING ATTORNEY GENERAL THEN.
GENERAL THEN. IT WAS CAREFULLY WORD SMITHED TO
IT WAS CAREFULLY WORD SMITHED TO NOT OUT BE A MISSTATEMENT OR
NOT OUT BE A MISSTATEMENT OR FALSE STATEMENT.
FALSE STATEMENT. LONG, CONGRESS NEEDS TO CALL
LONG, CONGRESS NEEDS TO CALL MR. WHITAKER BACK, SEE WHAT THE
MR. WHITAKER BACK, SEE WHAT THE TRUTH ABOUT ALL OF THIS IS, AND
TRUTH ABOUT ALL OF THIS IS, AND IT DOES FIT IN, BIGGEST POINT IS
IT DOES FIT IN, BIGGEST POINT IS THE OBVIOUS ONE, IF IT IS SUCH A
THE OBVIOUS ONE, IF IT IS SUCH A PATTERN OF THIS PRESIDENT NOT
PATTERN OF THIS PRESIDENT NOT WANTING THE TRUTH TO COME OUT
WANTING THE TRUTH TO COME OUT ABOUT A HOST OF MATTERS, MAYBE
ABOUT A HOST OF MATTERS, MAYBE MOST CENTRALLY THE 2016 CAMPAIGN
MOST CENTRALLY THE 2016 CAMPAIGN IN RUSSIA, AND ALSO WHAT HE DID
IN RUSSIA, AND ALSO WHAT HE DID AS PRESIDENT WITH RESPECT TO
AS PRESIDENT WITH RESPECT TO EVERYTHING FROM MICHAEL FLYNN TO
EVERYTHING FROM MICHAEL FLYNN TO THE FIRING OF JAMES COMEY TO
THE FIRING OF JAMES COMEY TO CONVERSATIONS HE HAD WITH
CONVERSATIONS HE HAD WITH WHITAKER TO CONVERSATIONS WITH
WHITAKER TO CONVERSATIONS WITH MICHAEL COHEN.
MICHAEL COHEN. I THINK WE WILL KNOW BECAUSE OF
I THINK WE WILL KNOW BECAUSE OF MUELLER AND BECAUSE OF THE
MUELLER AND BECAUSE OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK.
SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK. THE DEGREE TO WHICH IF YOU STEP
THE DEGREE TO WHICH IF YOU STEP BACK FROM THE TREES TO THE
BACK FROM THE TREES TO THE FOREST AS WE DISCUSSED BEFORE,
FOREST AS WE DISCUSSED BEFORE, IT IS HARD TO DO WITH THIS
IT IS HARD TO DO WITH THIS PRESIDENT, THERE’S SO MUCH
PRESIDENT, THERE’S SO MUCH STUFF, EVERY DAY IS SOMETHING
STUFF, EVERY DAY IS SOMETHING NEW, YOU FORGET, CAN’T REMEMBER
NEW, YOU FORGET, CAN’T REMEMBER THINGS THAT WENT ON THREE WEEKS
THINGS THAT WENT ON THREE WEEKS AGO, THE CONSISTENT RED THREAD
AGO, THE CONSISTENT RED THREAD THROUGH EVERYTHING, HE DOES NOT
THROUGH EVERYTHING, HE DOES NOT WANT THE TRUTH TO COME OUT ABOUT
WANT THE TRUTH TO COME OUT ABOUT A WHOLE RAGE OF HIS OWN DEALINGS
A WHOLE RAGE OF HIS OWN DEALINGS AND HAS GONE PRETTY FAR, NOT AS
AND HAS GONE PRETTY FAR, NOT AS FAR AS SOME OF US FEAR HE MIGHT
FAR AS SOME OF US FEAR HE MIGHT GO YET AND TRIED TO PREVENT THE
GO YET AND TRIED TO PREVENT THE TRUTH COMING OUT, WHICH FINAL
TRUTH COMING OUT, WHICH FINAL POINT, MAYBE CONGRESS SHOULD DO
POINT, MAYBE CONGRESS SHOULD DO A COUPLE OF LITTLE THINGS, MAKE
A COUPLE OF LITTLE THINGS, MAKE SURE THEY GET ACCESS TO THE
SURE THEY GET ACCESS TO THE MUELLER REPORT AND SO FORTH THAT
MUELLER REPORT AND SO FORTH THAT THEY CAN DO MORE HERE TO HELP
THEY CAN DO MORE HERE TO HELP PRESERVE THE INSTITUTIONS WHICH
PRESERVE THE INSTITUTIONS WHICH SO FAR MANAGED TO RESIST MOST OF
SO FAR MANAGED TO RESIST MOST OF THE EFFORTS IT SEEMS BY THE
THE EFFORTS IT SEEMS BY THE PRESIDENT TO CORRUPT THEM.
PRESIDENT TO CORRUPT THEM. >> MICHAEL?
>> MICHAEL? >> I THINK BILL LARGELY HITS
>> I THINK BILL LARGELY HITS THAT RIGHT ON THE HEAD, AND JUST
THAT RIGHT ON THE HEAD, AND JUST TO SORT OF ENCAPSULATE THE
TO SORT OF ENCAPSULATE THE PRESIDENT’S MINDSET HERE, I
PRESIDENT’S MINDSET HERE, I THINK IT IS ALL THAT INSULAR
THINK IT IS ALL THAT INSULAR TIME HAS HE HAS WITH HIMSELF
TIME HAS HE HAS WITH HIMSELF IMAGINING ALL HIS ENEMIES COMING
IMAGINING ALL HIS ENEMIES COMING AT HIM FROM VARIOUS ANGLES AND
AT HIM FROM VARIOUS ANGLES AND THEN BELIEVING THAT HE CAN USE
THEN BELIEVING THAT HE CAN USE THE INSTITUTIONS OF GOVERNMENT
THE INSTITUTIONS OF GOVERNMENT TO BLOCK AND BREAK AND SORT OF
TO BLOCK AND BREAK AND SORT OF PUSH BACK THOSE FOLKS THAT ARE
PUSH BACK THOSE FOLKS THAT ARE COMING AT HIM, WHETHER IT IS
COMING AT HIM, WHETHER IT IS MUELLER OR CONGRESSIONAL
MUELLER OR CONGRESSIONAL INVESTIGATIONS AND CERTAINLY
INVESTIGATIONS AND CERTAINLY TRYING TO FIND FRIENDS WHO WILL
TRYING TO FIND FRIENDS WHO WILL GO OUT AND BE HIS MOUTHPIECE,
GO OUT AND BE HIS MOUTHPIECE, WHO WILL PROTECT HIS INTEREST TO
WHO WILL PROTECT HIS INTEREST TO BILL’S POINT, HIS SELF INTEREST
BILL’S POINT, HIS SELF INTEREST HERE, NOT THE OVERALL
HERE, NOT THE OVERALL GOVERNMENTAL INTEREST, NOT THE
GOVERNMENTAL INTEREST, NOT THE OVERALL NATIONAL INTEREST, BUT
OVERALL NATIONAL INTEREST, BUT HIS OWN PERSONAL INTEREST.
HIS OWN PERSONAL INTEREST. I THINK THAT’S WHAT HAS
I THINK THAT’S WHAT HAS ANIMATED, PUSHED THIS PRESIDENT
ANIMATED, PUSHED THIS PRESIDENT TO THE POINT, TO MAYA’S FIRST
TO THE POINT, TO MAYA’S FIRST POINT THAT HE LOOKS GUILTY, HE
POINT THAT HE LOOKS GUILTY, HE ACTS GUILTY, HE SOUNDS GUILTY,
ACTS GUILTY, HE SOUNDS GUILTY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ALL OF THAT
AND WHETHER OR NOT ALL OF THAT IS TRUE REMAINS TO BE SEEN ON
IS TRUE REMAINS TO BE SEEN ON WHAT MUELLER AND THE SOUTHERN
WHAT MUELLER AND THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT COME TO THE TABLE WITH.
DISTRICT COME TO THE TABLE WITH. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. WHEN YOU MENTION ALL THAT,
WHEN YOU MENTION ALL THAT, MICHAEL, AS HEAD OF THE
MICHAEL, AS HEAD OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY, YOU DEALT WITH
REPUBLICAN PARTY, YOU DEALT WITH PEOPLE AT THE WHITE HOUSE,
PEOPLE AT THE WHITE HOUSE, RIGHT?
RIGHT? >> YEP.
>> YEP. >> YOU WOULD DEAL WITH
>> YOU WOULD DEAL WITH PRESIDENTS SOMETIMES.
PRESIDENTS SOMETIMES. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. >> BECAUSE YOU’RE AN IMPORTANT
>> BECAUSE YOU’RE AN IMPORTANT GUY.
GUY. THAT’S NOT MY MAIN POINT.
THAT’S NOT MY MAIN POINT. >> JUST A GUY IN A ROOM.
>> JUST A GUY IN A ROOM. IT IS DIFFERENT FROM THE LEGAL
IT IS DIFFERENT FROM THE LEGAL SIDE, WHAT THE HECK IS GOING
SIDE, WHAT THE HECK IS GOING DOWN.
DOWN. WHEN CORY LEWANDOWSKI, I WANT TO
WHEN CORY LEWANDOWSKI, I WANT TO READ FROM THE ARTICLE, IS ONE OF
READ FROM THE ARTICLE, IS ONE OF THE MOST LOYAL TRUMP PEOPLE YOU
THE MOST LOYAL TRUMP PEOPLE YOU CAN FIND, EVEN AFTER FIRED AND
CAN FIND, EVEN AFTER FIRED AND MISTREATED, TRUMP EVEN CALLED
MISTREATED, TRUMP EVEN CALLED HIS FORMER CAMPAIGN MANAGER
HIS FORMER CAMPAIGN MANAGER LEWANDOWSKI OVER FOURTH OF JULY
LEWANDOWSKI OVER FOURTH OF JULY WEEKEND, PATRIOTIC, ASKING HIM
WEEKEND, PATRIOTIC, ASKING HIM TO PRESSURE SESSIONS TO RESIGN,
TO PRESSURE SESSIONS TO RESIGN, LEWANDOWSKI WAS NONCOMMITTAL,
LEWANDOWSKI WAS NONCOMMITTAL, NEVER ACTED ON THE REQUEST.
NEVER ACTED ON THE REQUEST. NUMBER ONE, THE TIMES TAKES
NUMBER ONE, THE TIMES TAKES SOURCING SERIOUSLY.
SOURCING SERIOUSLY. THE REPORT IS THERE ARE TWO
THE REPORT IS THERE ARE TWO PEOPLE ON THE CALL.
PEOPLE ON THE CALL. NUMBER TWO, HAVE YOU EVER HAD A
NUMBER TWO, HAVE YOU EVER HAD A PRESIDENT ASK YOU AS A POLITICAL
PRESIDENT ASK YOU AS A POLITICAL GUY ON THE SIDE TO GET INVOLVED
GUY ON THE SIDE TO GET INVOLVED IN REMOVAL OF THE ATTORNEY
IN REMOVAL OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL?
GENERAL? >> NO.
>> NO. IT IS SO OUTSIDE THE BOX.
IT IS SO OUTSIDE THE BOX. IT IS CERTAINLY FOR SOMEONE LIKE
IT IS CERTAINLY FOR SOMEONE LIKE CORY WHO IS A CAMPAIGN GUY, A
CORY WHO IS A CAMPAIGN GUY, A POLITICAL GUY.
POLITICAL GUY. HE’S NOT AN ADMINISTRATION GUY,
HE’S NOT AN ADMINISTRATION GUY, HE’S NOT A GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL,
HE’S NOT A GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL, HE’S NOT SOMEONE CONNECTED TO
HE’S NOT SOMEONE CONNECTED TO LEGAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE, SO WHAT
LEGAL COUNSEL’S OFFICE, SO WHAT TRUMP ULTIMATELY WAS LOOKING FOR
TRUMP ULTIMATELY WAS LOOKING FOR WAS A POLITICAL SOLUTION AS A
WAS A POLITICAL SOLUTION AS A LEGAL PROBLEM.
LEGAL PROBLEM. WHAT HE SAW AS AN ADMINISTRATION
WHAT HE SAW AS AN ADMINISTRATION PROBLEM.
PROBLEM. HE FIGURES FINE, LET’S PUT IT IN
HE FIGURES FINE, LET’S PUT IT IN THE SAME BOX.
THE SAME BOX. I WILL HAVE CORY MAKE THE CALL
I WILL HAVE CORY MAKE THE CALL ON SESSIONS TO GET SESSIONS OUT
ON SESSIONS TO GET SESSIONS OUT OF THE GAME, AND THE FACT OF THE
OF THE GAME, AND THE FACT OF THE MATTER IS AS CORY RIGHTLY
MATTER IS AS CORY RIGHTLY UNDERSTOOD, I CAN’T DO THAT.
UNDERSTOOD, I CAN’T DO THAT. NUMBER TWO, IT PUTS ME IN
NUMBER TWO, IT PUTS ME IN INCRIMINATING POSITION
INCRIMINATING POSITION SUBSEQUENTLY.
SUBSEQUENTLY. >> I THINK YOU NAILED IT, I
>> I THINK YOU NAILED IT, I DON’T MEAN ANY DISRESPECT TO
DON’T MEAN ANY DISRESPECT TO CORY, AND I AM WILLING TO
CORY, AND I AM WILLING TO INTERVIEW AGAIN, WHAT ARE YOU
INTERVIEW AGAIN, WHAT ARE YOU DOING IF WHAT YOU’RE DOING IS
DOING IF WHAT YOU’RE DOING IS TOO TRUMPY FOR CORY LEWANDOWSKI.
TOO TRUMPY FOR CORY LEWANDOWSKI. >> YOU WERE STRUCK BY THE SAME
>> YOU WERE STRUCK BY THE SAME THING I WAS, WHAT’S THE SOURCING
THING I WAS, WHAT’S THE SOURCING FOR THE STORIES.
FOR THE STORIES. WE HAVE TWO PHONE CALLS AT LEAST
WE HAVE TWO PHONE CALLS AT LEAST IN THE TIMES STORY, TRUMP AND
IN THE TIMES STORY, TRUMP AND WHITAKER PHONE CALL PRESUMABLY
WHITAKER PHONE CALL PRESUMABLY NOBODY WAS ON AND A LEWANDOWSKI
NOBODY WAS ON AND A LEWANDOWSKI PHONE CALL.
PHONE CALL. WE KNOW ABOUT THOSE NOW TO THE
WE KNOW ABOUT THOSE NOW TO THE DISADVANTAGE OF TRUMP AND
DISADVANTAGE OF TRUMP AND WHITAKER AND LEWANDOWSKI.
WHITAKER AND LEWANDOWSKI. MAKES ME WONDER IF HE TOLD OTHER
MAKES ME WONDER IF HE TOLD OTHER PEOPLE AT THE TIMES, IT IS
PEOPLE AT THE TIMES, IT IS POSSIBLE.
POSSIBLE. SO IT HAS A SLIGHT FEELING OF
SO IT HAS A SLIGHT FEELING OF THE RATS LEAVING THE SINKING
THE RATS LEAVING THE SINKING SHIP HERE, HONESTLY, YOU GET
SHIP HERE, HONESTLY, YOU GET THESE STORIES WHERE PEOPLE CLOSE
THESE STORIES WHERE PEOPLE CLOSE TO TRUMP --
TO TRUMP -- >> YOU’RE CALLING THE RATS,
>> YOU’RE CALLING THE RATS, THAT’S THE PRESIDENT.
THAT’S THE PRESIDENT. >> THAT’S TERRIBLE.
>> THAT’S TERRIBLE. SMALL FURRY ANIMALS LEAVING THE
SMALL FURRY ANIMALS LEAVING THE SINKING SHIP.
SINKING SHIP. >> HAMSTERS?
>> HAMSTERS? >> I LIKE HAMSTERING.S.
>> I LIKE HAMSTERING.S. MAYBE PEOPLE ARE WORRIED WHERE
MAYBE PEOPLE ARE WORRIED WHERE IT IS GOING AND DISTANCING
IT IS GOING AND DISTANCING THEMSELVES.
THEMSELVES. >> BRINGS ME BACK TO MAYA, MAYBE
>> BRINGS ME BACK TO MAYA, MAYBE CALL THEM COWARDLY BUNNIES, BUT
CALL THEM COWARDLY BUNNIES, BUT BUN EAST HAVE AN OBLIGATION TO
BUN EAST HAVE AN OBLIGATION TO COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT
COOPERATE WITH LAW ENFORCEMENT IF THEY COULD TALK.
IF THEY COULD TALK. LOOK, I AM STRETCHING.
LOOK, I AM STRETCHING. I’M GOING TO READ ONE MORE THING
I’M GOING TO READ ONE MORE THING BEFORE WE GO FOR YOUR ANALYSIS
BEFORE WE GO FOR YOUR ANALYSIS WHICH FITS WITH THE POINT.
WHICH FITS WITH THE POINT. SHAWN SPICER IN THE LEAK
SHAWN SPICER IN THE LEAK ACCORDING TO FALSEHOODS,
ACCORDING TO FALSEHOODS, MR. TRUMP ORDERS HIM.
MR. TRUMP ORDERS HIM. WAS THAT TRUE, MR. SPICER
WAS THAT TRUE, MR. SPICER PRESSES.
PRESSES. SAY THAT I ASK FOR HIS
SAY THAT I ASK FOR HIS RESIGNATION, MR. TRUMP REPEATED,
RESIGNATION, MR. TRUMP REPEATED, IN THE SAME ACCOUNT, 15 MINUTES
IN THE SAME ACCOUNT, 15 MINUTES INTO THE SHOW AND NOT DONE WITH
INTO THE SHOW AND NOT DONE WITH THE BAD THINGS IN THIS STORY
THE BAD THINGS IN THIS STORY FROM THE TIMES THERE, ANOTHER TO
FROM THE TIMES THERE, ANOTHER TO BILL’S POINT, ANOTHER FURRY
BILL’S POINT, ANOTHER FURRY LEAK, SOMEONE IS SOMETHING
LEAK, SOMEONE IS SOMETHING WHATEVER HAPPENED WITH
WHATEVER HAPPENED WITH FALSEHOODS ON FLYNN, I WASN’T
FALSEHOODS ON FLYNN, I WASN’T DOING IT, I WAS ON THE WRONG
DOING IT, I WAS ON THE WRONG SIDE OF IT.
SIDE OF IT. WHAT DO INVESTIGATORS DO WITH
WHAT DO INVESTIGATORS DO WITH ALL OF THIS?
ALL OF THIS? >> INVESTIGATE.
>> INVESTIGATE. AND WITH THIS, WHAT’S
AND WITH THIS, WHAT’S INTERESTING ABOUT THIS POINT
INTERESTING ABOUT THIS POINT ABOUT MID-ATTHEW WHITAKER, HE HA
ABOUT MID-ATTHEW WHITAKER, HE HA BRIEFINGS FROM MUELLER’S TEAM.
BRIEFINGS FROM MUELLER’S TEAM. HE SAYS HE KNEW WHAT WAS GOING
HE SAYS HE KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON WITH THAT CASE, AND HE GOES
ON WITH THAT CASE, AND HE GOES BEFORE CONGRESS AND SAYS
BEFORE CONGRESS AND SAYS SOMETHING THAT LATER IF HE IS
SOMETHING THAT LATER IF HE IS LEAKING IT TO BILL’S POINT,
LEAKING IT TO BILL’S POINT, LEAKING SOMETHING THAT MAKES HIM
LEAKING SOMETHING THAT MAKES HIM SOUND INCONSISTENT WITH
SOUND INCONSISTENT WITH TESTIMONY HE MADE BEFORE
TESTIMONY HE MADE BEFORE CONGRESS, SO ALL I CAN SAY IS
CONGRESS, SO ALL I CAN SAY IS THERE ARE A WHOLE LOT OF FOLKS
THERE ARE A WHOLE LOT OF FOLKS WHO HAVE A LOT TO WORRY ABOUT IN
WHO HAVE A LOT TO WORRY ABOUT IN TERMS OF THEIR BEHAVIOR, AND
TERMS OF THEIR BEHAVIOR, AND SOME OF THAT WILL BE
SOME OF THAT WILL BE REPUTATIONAL, SOME OF THAT COULD
REPUTATIONAL, SOME OF THAT COULD BE CRIMINAL.
BE CRIMINAL. AND IF PEOPLE ARE IN THE PROCESS
AND IF PEOPLE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF TRYING TO NOW PROTECT AT
OF TRYING TO NOW PROTECT AT MINIMUM THEIR REPUTATIONS WHO
MINIMUM THEIR REPUTATIONS WHO HAVE SOME SENSE OF WHAT’S COMING
HAVE SOME SENSE OF WHAT’S COMING DOWN THE PIKE, THAT TELLS US
DOWN THE PIKE, THAT TELLS US SOMETHING.
SOMETHING. >> RIGHT.
>> RIGHT. >> AND THERE ARE FURRY CREATURES
>> AND THERE ARE FURRY CREATURES INVOLVED.
INVOLVED. >> BUT IT TELLS US PEOPLE HAVE A
>> BUT IT TELLS US PEOPLE HAVE A REASON TO FURTHER GET OUT AHEAD
REASON TO FURTHER GET OUT AHEAD OF THINGS ON CALLS.
OF THINGS ON CALLS. YOU DON’T HAVE TO KNOW AS MUCH
YOU DON’T HAVE TO KNOW AS MUCH ABOUT WASHINGTON AS MICHAEL AND